-- SNAPE'S TRAP

	He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what came next-- but there was nothing very frightening in here. Just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.
	"Snape's," said Harry, "what do we have to do?" They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the doorway. It wasn't an ordinary fire either; it was purple. At the same instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward. They were trapped.
	"Look!" Hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles. Harry looked over her shoulders to read it:
	
	Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,
	Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,
	One among us seven will let you move ahead,
	Another will transport the drinker back instead,
	Two among our number hold only nettle wine,
	Three of us are killers, waiting hidden in line.
	Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,
	To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:
	First, however slyly the poison tries to hide
	You will always find some on nettle wine's left side;
	Second, different are those that stand at either end,
	But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;
	Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,
	Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;
	Fourth, the second left and second on the right,
	Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.
	
Now it's up to you to help Harry and Hermione safely navigate the treacherous trap laid by Professor Snape. Using the magical power of ruby programming, find the bottle that will allow Harry to move onward to face Voldemort and his destiny, and the bottle that will allow Hermione to move backward to safety. And, since it's only fair for you to know,  the order of sizes from left to right is:
	small, large, smallest, medium-large, medium small, largest, medium

Can you do it without working out the solution first?

-- RMU ZERO SESSION | PROBLEM 3
-- Submissions due 12:00 UTC 8/15

If in doubt about how to submit, see SUBMISSION_GUIDELINES file.

For Exercise #3, You'll be writing and solving a programming exercise.  Yes, I
am aware of how meta this is, and no, this won't be used as session exercises
for the next several months :)

Instead, this is a great way for you to take the time to clearly describe a
problem, and then showcase what you think is a good solution to that problem.  I
will then review the solutions and comment on each of them.

When we are done with this exercise, we can give back to the RMU community at 
large by releasing one problem per week to the RMU General mailing list, giving
them something to work on while they wait for their session to begin.  

While it isn't mandatory for you to donate your submission to this cause, it'll 
count as community service if you do, which may come in handy later if volunteer
positions open up within RMU.  Please let me know if you *DO NOT* want your 
submission shared with the general RMU student population.

This is another pretty open ended problem but here are some rough guidelines to
get you started:

* You should write up a plain text problem description that is suitable for
  sending in an email.

* You should include a file, solution.rb that solves the problem you described.

* Optionally, you can write up additional materials on why you solved the
  problem you did, and what the pros and cons of your approach were.

* Your target audience are other RMU students (though not other Session 0
  students because they'll be able to see your solutions right away).  Try to
  make something that an intermediate programmer can solve within a few hours.

* What you choose for a problem is totally up to you, but aim for something
  closer to rubyproblems.com than RubyQuiz.  There should be a learning
  opportunity present in your problem.

Forming exercises for fun and educational purposes has been a key part of my
personal learning experience.  If you haven't done it before, this exercise
gives you a chance to see just how rewarding that can be.

QUESTIONS?  Hit me up on the mailing list or IRC channel.
